Alex Casanova
CS-499 – Professional Self-Assessment

i.	Discuss how completing your coursework throughout the program and developing the ePortfolio has helped showcased your strengths and shape your professional goals and values and prepared you to either enter or become more employable in the computer science field. 
This project is an encapsulation of many of the aspects of Computer Science and Software Development that I’ve learned throughout the program. Throughout my coursework, I’ve learned to take an existing problem and assess its needs. I’ve been able to take those needs and develop them into a complex set of business requirements. From those requirements, I’ve been able to code thorough, usable solutions to problems, often while incorporating additional quality-of-life improvements for those using my software. This project is no exception. From a basic Java course, I was able to transform a relatively simple business requirement – the logic and code for a simple project – into a fully fledged application, with complex logic, interacting parts, a working database with records being generated programmatically with minimal user input, and the ability to present applications to stakeholders like you. 
This project has highlighted many aspects of software development that I’ve learned throughout the course of my Computer Science program at SNHU. Not only have I become a better programmer, the way I approach problems has changed throughout my professional and personal life. My approach towards automation and modularity in the software I’m writing has helped me shape the IT department at a role I recently started. The “programmer mindset” of ensuring documentation, clarity of communication with team members and other developers, and clearly laying out specific, rigorous solutions to meaningful problems has helped me to be successful at work, and the adherence to strict standards has helped me develop routines at home that have seen my personal life improve as well. 

ii.	Summarize/introduce how your artifacts fit together and inform the portfolio as a whole; this will help demonstrate the full range of your computer science talents and abilities? This section should introduce your audience to the technical artifacts that will follow the professional self-assessment.
This portfolio is the culmination of two years of work, built from the ground up  - with very little programming knowledge at the start. My academic success in this program relied on my being able to find workable solutions to many problems, and this has impacted my professional and personal life in meaningful ways. This portfolio represents my journey through the learning process for my current programming expertise, and this project reflects the apex of what I’ve accomplished in this program.
The artifacts for this project – Software Design and Engineering, Data Structures and Algorithms, and Databases – each showcase the knowledge I’ve gained through other courses in this program. I learned a lot about these aspects of Software Development both through my courses as well as this project, and the changes I made to the project between each week reflects the growth of my knowledge in these skill sets. As an aspiring Software Engineer, I understand that I will continuously have to hone my skills, and that while no Software Developer ever knows the solution to every problem, or how to fully implement those solutions, the aspiration for continual personal growth is key to Software Development. 
iii.	Accessing the Project
This project is available to view at https://github.com/alex-casanova/alex-casanova.github.io/
